EPAS v16 release branch (#4424)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/16/reference/oracle_compatibility_reference/epas_compat_bip_guide/03_built-in_packages/20_utl_file.mdx

| `FCLOSE_ALL`                                                                   | n/a         | Closes all open files.                                                                                                                                                           |
| `FCOPY(location, filename, dest_dir, dest_file [, start_line [, end_line ] ])` | n/a         | Copies `filename` in the directory identified by `location` to file `dest_file` in directory `dest_dir`, from line `start_line` to line `end_line`.               |
| `FFLUSH(file)`                                                                 | n/a         | Forces data in the buffer to be written to disk in the file identified by `file`.                                                                                                |

> | `FGETATTR(location, filename, exists, file_length, block_size)`                | n/a         | Retrieves the attributes for a file when given its `filename` and `location`.                                                                                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
| `FGETATTR(location, filename, exists, file_length, block_size)`                | n/a         | Retrieves the attributes for a file when its `filename` and `location` are given.                                                                                                    |
```

Reviewer: Looks fine

> | `FGETPOS(file)`                                                                | `INTEGER`   | Returns an integer which is the relative offset position within the opened file in bytes.                                                                                                                             |

Author: ```suggestion
| `FGETPOS(file)`                                                                | `INTEGER`   | Returns an integer, the relative offset position within the opened file in bytes.                                                                                                                             |
```

Reviewer: Returns the relative offset position in the opened file as an integer, in bytes.

    UTL_FILE.FCLOSE(v_empfile);
END;
```
## FGETATTR

> The `FGETATTR` function retrieves the attributes for a given file. When you enter a `filename` and `location`, it returns whether the file exists. If the file exists, it also returns the `file_length` and `block_size`. If the file doesn't exist or there is an error, the attributes return as `NULL`. 

Author: ```suggestion
The `FGETATTR` function retrieves the attributes for a given file. When you provide a `filename` and `location`, it returns whether the file exists. If the file exists, it also returns the `file_length` and `block_size`. If the file doesn't exist or there is an error, the attributes return as `NULL`. 
```

Reviewer: The `FGETATTR` function retrieves the attributes for a given file. When you provide `filename` and `location` values, it returns whether the file exists. If the file exists, it also returns `file_length` and `block_size` vakyes. If the file doesn't exist or an error occurs, the attributes return as `NULL`.

```sql
FGETATTR(<location> VARCHAR2, <filename> VARCHAR2, <exists> BOOLEAN, <file_length> NUMBER, <block_size> BINARY_INTEGER)
```

### Parameters

`location`
 

>  Directory name of the directory containing the file whose attributes are being retrieved, as stored in `pg_catalog.edb_dir.dirname`.

Author: ```suggestion
 Directory name containing the file whose attributes are being retrieved, as stored in `pg_catalog.edb_dir.dirname`.
```

Reviewer: Looks good.

`filename`

 Name of the file whose attributes are being retrieved.

`exists` 

 Report of whether the file exists. 

`file_length`

 Size of the file in bytes. 

`block_size` 

 System block size of the file in bytes.

### Examples

This example retrieves the attributes for the file `empfile.csv`:

```sql
DECLARE
   l_file_exists BOOLEAN;
   l_file_len    NUMBER;
   l_blocksize   BINARY_INTEGER;
   f utl_file.file_type;
   v_empfile       UTL_FILE.FILE_TYPE;
   v_directory     VARCHAR2(50) := 'empdir';
   v_filename      VARCHAR2(20) := 'empfile.csv';
     
BEGIN
   utl_file.fgetattr(
     location    => v_directory,
     filename    => v_filename,
     fexists     => l_file_exists,
     file_length => l_file_len,
     block_size  => l_blocksize);
   IF l_file_exists THEN
     dbms_output.put_line('File found, size=' || l_file_len);
   ELSE
     dbms_output.put_line('File not found.');
   END IF;
END;
File found, size=677
```

## FGETPOS

> The `FGETPOS` function returns an integer which is the relative offset position within the opened file in bytes.

Author: ```suggestion
The `FGETPOS` function returns an integer,  the relative offset position within the opened file in bytes.
```

 Variable of type `FILE_TYPE` containing the file handle of the opened file.

## FOPEN_NCHAR

The `FOPEN_NCHAR` procedure opens file `filename` in the directory identified by `location` to read and/or write Unicode character set data. 

```sql
FOPEN_NCHAR(location VARCHAR2, filename VARCHAR2, open_mode VARCHAR2, max_linesize INTEGER)
```

### Parameters 

`location`

>  Directory name of the directory containing the file to open, as stored in `pg_catalog.edb_dir.dirname`.

Author: ```suggestion
 The Directory name containing the file to open is stored in `pg_catalog.edb_dir.dirname`.
```

Reviewer: Name of the directory containing the file to open, stored in `pg_catalog.edb_dir.dirname`.

Not sure about this...the original is confusing. Does this mean, The directory name you specify is stored in the `pg_catalog.edb_dir.dirname`. ?? If so, I think it'll be less confusing to use multiple sentences.

I'm not even sure about the first part of the sentence. Maybe it'd be clearer as: 

Name of the directory that contains the file you want to open.

`filename` 

 Name of the file to open.

`open_mode`

 Mode in which to open the file. Modes are: 
    - `a` &mdash; Append to file.
    - `r` &mdash; Read from file. 
    - `w` &mdash; Write to file.

`max_linesize`

>  Maximum size of a line in characters. In read mode, an exception is thrown if you try to read a line exceeding `max_linesize`. In write and append modes, an exception is thrown if you try to write a line exceeding `max_linesize`. The end-of-line characters aren't included in determining if the maximum line size is exceeded. This behavior isn't compatible with Oracle databases. Oracle counts the end-of-line characters.

Author: I am not sure about mentioning oracle here.
```suggestion
 Maximum size of a line in characters. In read mode, an exception is thrown if you try to read a line exceeding `max_linesize`. In write and append modes, an exception is thrown if you try to write a line exceeding `max_linesize`. The end-of-line characters aren't included in determining if the maximum line size is exceeded. This behavior isn't compatible with Oracle databases. Oracle counts the end-of-line characters.
```

Salary: $1300.00 Commission: $0
```

## PUT_NCHAR

The `PUT_NCHAR` procedure writes `buffer` to the given file and converts data to Unicode. `PUT` doesn't write an end-of-line character sequence.   

```sql
PUT_NCHAR(<file> FILE_TYPE, <buffer> NVARCHAR2)
```

## Parameters 

`file`

 Variable of type `FILE_TYPE` containing the file handle of the file to which to write the line.

`buffer`

 Variable to write `RAW` data to the output buffer.

## Examples 

> The following example writes `buffer` to the file `empfile`.csv` and converts data to Unicode:

Author: ```suggestion
The following example writes `buffer` to the file `empfile.csv` and converts data to Unicode:
```

Reviewer: This example
